Add link to Bump CLI help center (#73)
bump-sh/cli: README.md

  preview  create a documentation preview from the given file or URL
```

> Please check [Bump help center](https://help.bump.sh/continuous-integration) for more Continuous Integration usage details.

Reviewer: I think we should link to the dedacted CLI help page instead of the Continuous Integration page:

```suggestion
Please check the [Bump CLI help page](https://help.bump.sh/bump-cli) for more CLI usage details.
```

Author: Indeed, much better 👍
